What do you think I don't deserve him?
I still don't want to pay my money back
If I say even if you don't deserve it
I don't want to pay you back.
What did you say boy
I've made myself very clear.
Are you deaf and can't hear?
Okay, the surname is Lin
You were just with me today, right?
Believe it or not, 100 people will destroy the Lin family soon
I don't think you should be angry.
He is not from our Lin family.
He can't represent our Lin family
I don't care if someone in your Lin family offends me
I will destroy your Lin family together
Do you hear me?
You have provoked a scourge
Why don't you hurry up and ask him and Brother Hu to apologize with you?
Shouting you to leave quickly
What the hell are you doing?
If I leave, there's really no one to help
Don't be silly, I know you're a good person.
But you don't know the cruelty of reality
Weak people will be bullied
Just go.
I'll take care of my own business
I know you don't believe me
Then I'll help you solve one thing first.
How much does your family owe you?
How about 10 million?
Can you help her pay